from home tonight you know how it is
dangerously
I still don't believe him
you won't feel better please leave
my pores are about to reach 10
points
people tend to get home early
if you are not involved in the ship at night
recommend to leave the street near
time will be tense there
alert system announces
about the beginning
annual sudnoi night on
signal emergency services will stop
work for 12 hours during this
time any crimes including
killing are legal government
thanks you for participating
who is this today we will gain freedom
nation
go back passing driving follow
to the plan
follow me
what
can't stop us today not
escape
oh my god, I won’t take it last
victims of tonight's bet
starts with 200 thousand
judgment night 2